Never dig straight down.
Torches can create temporary air pockets underwater.
Signs and ladders stop the flow of liquids.
Blazes hate snowballs.
You only need two buckets of water to create an infinite water source.
Water makes for a good lawn mower.
You can set your spawn point by sleeping in a bed.
You can walk forwards by pressing the forwards key.
Auto-Jumping can be disabled in the options menu.
Right-click to place blocks, and hold left-click to break them.
You can tame a wolf by giving it bones.
Punch trees to get wood.
Wooden slabs and stairs do not burn.
Redstone can travel through slabs.
Placing ice under soul sand will make whatever walks on it slower than normal.
Boats and Minecarts can be broken with a Bow and Arrow.
Crouching on blocks will stop you from falling off.
Whilst crouching, your username will go slightly transparent.
Fire on nether rack burns forrever
You are currently using Minecraft version 1.12.2.
You can block arrows with a shield.
Boats are super speedy on ice.
It takes 17 cobblestone to craft stone tools and a furnace.
A suit of armor costs 24 ingots.
You cannot milk squids anymore.
Snowmen do not like the rain.
Ocelots scare Creepers away.
You can tame an ocelot with Raw Fish.
Sleeping in a bed in The Nether or The End will cause an explosion.
A Creeper struck by lightning will be supercharged.
Skeletons can be found riding spiders on rare occasions.
Herobrine can never be removed.
Gravity affects sand and gravel.
Ten blocks is the magical total. As that's enough to build up the portal.
Never dig straight up.
Reading these tips will help!
You can separate zombies from other mobs using a villager.
You can block spider spawn using carpets.
Pouring water on still lava create obsidian.
This is Minecraft.
This tip was recommended by 9 out of 10 Doctors!
Iron golems drop iron ingots. You can create a farm using this.
Do you feel like a builder, yet?
Ceci n’est pas un title screen tip.
A potion of weakness and a golden apple can cure a zombie villager.
Pressing the run key (CTRL by default) can make your boat go faster!
Gold tools have the lowest durability, but the highest breaking speed.
Spiders try to attack you from your left side.
Skeletons will try to avoid attacks, you need to act fast!
The Champs and Champettes are pretty baller.
Skeletons won't shoot if they can't see your face.
Never dig straight down.
If a drop looks too big, it probably is.
A shelter made of dirt is still a shelter.
Don't fear the Creeper.
Before you jump, make sure the water isn't too shallow.
Watch your back when running from spiders.
Don't leave your house without closing the door.
Check underneath a Diamond Ore block before mining it.
Watch where you step - deep shafts can be anywhere.
Cliff overhangs and lighting glitches can spawn hostile mobs.
Gold may be weak, but it's better than nothing.
Always bring tons of logs with you when exploring caves.
Always check your surroundings before entering a fight.
Don't store spare TNT blocks near your Redstone circuits.
You can always come back later and mine some more.
Unlike the other tools, the hoe is used by right-clicking.
Always keep a spare stack of blocks in your active inventory.
Raw meat is better than no meat.
Blocks can be mined faster if you time your clicks correctly.
Placing a torch under sand as it falls speeds up the process.
Animals push you around if you leave the game idle (again).
Ghasts have lower health than any other hostile mob.
You can reflect a Ghast's fireball by simply hitting it.
Mobs might not drop loot if they die from explosions.
Don't take huge risks far from home.
If you hear a cave noise above ground, there's one nearby.
If you hear a lot of monsters, it's probably a dungeon.
Mining cave ceilings can easily lead to disaster.
Catching on fire can easily drain an entire health bar.
The best time to do anything is before it's too late.
One boat is never enough...unless you're using the combat update.
Wood is the most versatile resource in the game.
Never expect that nothing will happen while you're gone.
Always treat modders with respect.
Baby slimes are terribly vulnerable to fall damage.
Slimes do exist... I think.
The sun and the compass are both useful for directions.
Paintings aren't considered to be blocks.
Sand on red dust on TNT can make a falling floor trap.
Easier rarely means funner.
Zombies can reach pretty far and hit pretty hard.
Arrows reflect off of creatures recently damaged.
Be careful not to misclick when building portals.
Sand is useful for getting down from high places.
If all you can hear is footsteps, it's a Creeper.
It's misleading to locate monsters by sound alone.
Spider jockeys will dismount after a save and reload.
The game is only as fun as you make it.
Trying to go to the Nether while in a TerraFirmaCraft world will crash your game.
